/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/
 /*--[=How to Read Unopened Mail=]--*\
       >Typed and uploaded by:<
	   [=Chris Jones=]
/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/*/

  There are many ways to read peoples mail without letting them know that you've
read it.  This file will deal with the best ways I know of.

  The first two are traditional methods, and the last one is what the CIA has
been known to use.

1) STEAMING
  Most everyone knows that it is possible to unseal an envelope by steaming it
first.	That way the papers can be taken out, copied or whatever, replaced, and
the envelope resealed.	The only problem is that the new envelopes tend to be
tougher, and take longer to open.  This can make ink run, stamps fall off, ect.

  It can also make the paper dry to a stiff state that never feels normal again.

2) NEEDLES
  This system involves carefully undoing one of the flaps of the envelope.  Many
envelopes can be folded enough so that a 1/4" space will appear at the bottom
corner.

  At this point two thin knitting needles are inserted into the gap, one on
either side of the letter.  The needles are then twisted around each other in
order to wrap into a tube that can be withdrawn from the gap.  The letter can
then be photographed or whatever and then reinserted in the same way.  The gap
is then refolded and returned to its original condition.

 And now the third choice...

3) CHEMICAL INSPECTION
  The CIA and FBI have had access to this toy for some years.  It has finally
leaked out for civillian use.

  Sold in spray-aerosol containers, this alcohol-based fluid turns most papers
transparent for 30-60 seconds.	THIS FEATURE ALLOWS ONE TO READ THE CONTENTS
WITHOUT EVER OPENING THE LETTER.  The fluid then dries up leaving no trace
whatsoever.  It does not smear the ink or anything like that either.

  Of course if the letter is folded, the folded parts could not be read, but
this quick and easy solution can solve many problems.

  The best part is it can be made VERY EASILY, or bought from the following
address:

   Law Enforcement Associates(LEA)
	  88 Holmes st.
      Belleville, NJ 07109

  It is sold for letter-bomb inspection purposes.

  To make it all you need to do is to go to chemical or photograhic suppliers
and ask for LIQUID FREON.  It's used to clean film and video equipment...

  *One last note* I have seen this stuff tested and it even works on manilla
envelopes.  *LATER* --[=CHRIS=]-- (Your friendly neighborhood demolitions
expert) okay?

Call The Works BBS - 1600+ Textfiles! - [914]/238-8195 - 300/1200 - Always Open
